README.md, before:

# LUSID<sup>®</sup> Notifications SDK Extensions C# (Preview)
![LUSID by Finbourne](https://content.finbourne.com/LUSID_repo.png)

These are the C# SDK Extensions (Preview) to accompany the [C# SDK for the Notification application](https://github.com/finbourne/finbourne-notifications-sdk-csharp). The Notification application provides notifications via email, SMS or webhook when LUSID events occur.

The Notification application is part of the [LUSID by FINBOURNE](https://www.finbourne.com/lusid-technology) platform. To use it you'll need a LUSID account. [Sign up for free at lusid.com](https://www.lusid.com/app/signup).

For more details on other applications in the LUSID platform, see [Understanding all the applications in the LUSID platform](https://support.lusid.com/knowledgebase/article/KA-01787/en-us).

## Installation

The NuGet package for the LUSID Notifications service SDK (Preview) can installed from https://www.nuget.org/packages/Finbourne.Notifications.Sdk.Extensions.Preview using the following:

```
$ dotnet add package Finbourne.Notifications.Sdk.Extensions.Preview
```

## Build Status 

| branch | status |
| --- | --- |
| `master` | ![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Finbourne.Notifications.Sdk.Extensions.Preview?color=blue) [![Build and test](https://github.com/finbourne/notifications-sdk-extensions-csharp-preview/actions/workflows/build-and-test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/finbourne/notifications-sdk-extensions-csharp-preview/actions/workflows/build-and-test.yaml) |

Commit message:

CTECH-685 Update to the README.md to provide additional information on the benefit these extensions provide over and above the sdk

README.md, after:

# LUSID<sup>®</sup> Notifications SDK Extensions C# (Preview)
![LUSID by Finbourne](https://content.finbourne.com/LUSID_repo.png)

These are the C# SDK Extensions (Preview) to accompany the [C# SDK (Preview) for the Notification application](https://github.com/finbourne/finbourne-notifications-sdk-csharp). The Notification application provides notifications via email, SMS or webhook when LUSID events occur.

This extensions package provides the user with additional extensions to make it easy to configure and use the API endpoints. This repository contains examples of how to use these additional extensions in the Finbourne.Notifications.Sdk.Extensions.Tutorials project.

The Notification application is part of the [LUSID by FINBOURNE](https://www.finbourne.com/lusid-technology) platform. To use it you'll need a LUSID account. [Sign up for free at lusid.com](https://www.lusid.com/app/signup).

For more details on other applications in the LUSID platform, see [Understanding all the applications in the LUSID platform](https://support.lusid.com/knowledgebase/article/KA-01787/en-us).

## Installation

The NuGet package for the LUSID Notifications service SDK (Preview) can installed from https://www.nuget.org/packages/Finbourne.Notifications.Sdk.Extensions.Preview using the following:

```
$ dotnet add package Finbourne.Notifications.Sdk.Extensions.Preview
```

## Build Status 

| branch | status |
| --- | --- |
| `master` | ![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Finbourne.Notifications.Sdk.Extensions.Preview?color=blue) [![Build and test](https://github.com/finbourne/notifications-sdk-extensions-csharp-preview/actions/workflows/build-and-test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/finbourne/notifications-sdk-extensions-csharp-preview/actions/workflows/build-and-test.yaml) |
